hello and welcome to an episode of
aircraft with me table whoa where's that
what well anyway this is Robocraft again
will you make robots shoot other robots
interface via the medium of vehicles and
so I built a mega bar uh it's not TX
armor I know that ice James a battle for
all future Riley has begun I've got a
lot of mega smgs on this thing I also
need to watch out for steering it's got
eight wheels though and it actually
feels a bit like a mega yeah so off we
go into the fight yoked tober okay we're
off we're off in the fight let's take
care of business I feel I feel powers
lava respondus match armor on the robot
let's go Oh ah there is a flower in the
way okay lil bit of a traffic jam it's
okays that bomber gonna a bomber gonna
move come on there we go thanks mama
thanks for moving I'm gonna take this
route we might have to head back we're
not careful I am NOT inspired to have
they so i guess i guess that hasn't
happened i guess there's no enemy
spotted so they've obviously gone round
the other way so we're probably gonna
have to race back or we can just race
round and genetics lying your son
finally medic flyer there's a target
yeah just pepper the flyer do you know
i'm gonna go i'm gonna go and get them
the megawatts seem a lot faster in this
mode is great you can really race around
as a mega okay bad times for these two
bad times coming your way fair time
sorry mega bot coming through so sorry
so sorry sorry mega bot ruining you I'm
so sorry yeah I'm sorry yeah you can
jump off but you're not gonna you're not
going to last really are you you've got
mega smgs on so you definitely need to
disappear oh geez there's no bigger the
niggas comin thing is coming to grab
plasma I need to back up just fighting
this quarter is not a good place to
fight I need a backup what we need to
need to wait some to round that corner
which they are doing right now okay
there we go let them around the corner
let them get stuck on the corner you
know that then gets dark the trick is to
damage everyone just damage everyone I
hope my teams do with me i'm just going
to keep firing just gonna keep firing
the medic still with me i need oh there
to make its medics in a go I'm so sorry
medic I'm so sorry hey you i got
crippled you though take i mean these
gonna take something quite a few guns
megabyte spotted time to flee flee has
wheels spine with your wheels fleeing
with your wheels got a bit of air
they're just flee just get out of there
come on just go go go go go you can get
away you can you can make them chase you
and give someone else the opportunity to
it's just a tank come on it's just a
plasma tank you can get away from it
come on don't let them catch me you
again come on Kourt he'll come on yes
where you go no oh no ice that's always
bad times but you out there let's go
let's go plasma tank spotted oh wait
Artie was still there and still fighting
oh yeah I ran like a coward oh oh so
mostly code I just got chased away by a
plasma tank I didn't know who was left
to the team the medic healed me to the
end though I wish I'd got the name of
the medic because that's good medic Inge
talked with me this but that's not bad
money about money for a free no MakerBot
match it was really quick wasn't it so
that's the mega bot i have to say i
prefer the bigger designs so having the
more blocks as opposed to less blocks is
more fun eight wheels is also a lot of
fun but i think there's something to be
said about this design maybe a cover
less SMGs who knows i think of something
else in the meantime I've been table
thanks so much for watching don't forget
to Like comment and subscribe if you
enjoyed what you've seen here say what
I'll do is I'll make another button up a
bar and I make a bot I'm sure at some
point and i will show you the results
any time take care ah Oh hate that when
you hit your oh ho oh oh let me die die
care yourself stay charm also don't
forget most important of all